AUTHORIZATION TO USE AND DISTRIBUTE

I hereby agree to the following terms governing the use and
redistribution of the DAVE/DAVE4VM software release originally written
and developed by Dr. P W. Schuck

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that (1) source code
distributions retain this paragraph in its entirety, (2) distributions
including binary code include this paragraph in its entirety in the
documentation or other materials provided with the distribution, (3)
improvements, additions and upgrades to the software will be provided
to NRL Authors in computer readable form, with an unlimited,
royalty-free license to use these improvements, additions and
upgrades, and the authority to grant unlimited royalty-free
sublicenses to these improvements and (4) all published research using
this software display the following acknowledgment ``This work uses
the SAMI2 ionosphere model written and developed by the Naval Research
Laboratory.''

Neither the name of NRL or its contributors, nor any entity of the
United States Government may be used to endorse or promote products
derived from this software, nor does the inclusion of the NRL written
and developed software directly or indirectly suggest NRL's or the
United States Government's endorsement of this product.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED ``AS IS'' AND WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED
WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
